## Things I want to know more about 


### differences between SQL and NoSQL databases

 differences| SQL | NoSQL |
----|------------|------------|
called as| Relational Databases (RDBMS)|called as non-relational or distributed database.|
what it is | are table based databases|are document based, key-value pairs, graph databases or wide-column stores|
have| predefined schema| dynamic schema for unstructured data|
scalability | vertically scalable|horizontally scalable. 
uses|SQL for defining and manipulating the data, which is very powerful.|queries are focused on collection of documents. |
Examples| MySql, Oracle, Sqlite, Postgres and MS-SQL| MongoDB, BigTable, Redis, RavenDb, Cassandra, Hbase, Neo4j and CouchDb|






### What kind of data is a good fit for an SQL database? 
for the complex query intensive environment also fit for heavy duty transactional type applications, as it is more stable and promises the atomicity as well as integrity of the data

### Give a real world example.?
i don't know 

### What kind of data is a good fit a NoSQL database? 
for the hierarchical data storage as it follows the key-value pair way of storing data similar to JSON data. NoSQL database are highly preferred for large data set (i.e for big data). Hbase is an example for this purpose. 
also in transactions purpose. 

### Give a real world example.? 



#### Which type of database is best for hierarchical data storage?

NoSQL database fits better 

#### Which type of database is best for scalability?
SQL databases are vertically scalable 


### What does SQL stand for? 
structured query language 

### What is a realational database? 
database works with certain assumptions or in certain way and support th sq language the structured query language 

### What type of structure does a relational database work with?
with certain assumptions or in certain way 

### What is a ‘schema’? 
of which data can go into a table and its defined by so-called fileds

### What is a NoSQL database? 
non-relational database.  
### Howo does it work? 
Each of the systems labelled with the generic name works differently, but the basic idea is to offer better scalability and performance by using DB models that don't support all the functionality of a generic RDBMS, but still enough functionality to be useful. In a way it's like MySQL, which at one time lacked support for transactions but, exactly because of that, managed to outperform other DB systems. If you could write your app in a way that didn't require transactions, it was great.
### What is inside of a Mongo database? 
it can store a lots and lots of data 

### Which is more flexible - SQL or MongoDB? and why. 
MongoDB because there is no schema and you can flexibale regarding the data format

### What is the disadvantage of a NoSQL database?