# Things I want to know more about  

## Controlled Components :

We can combine the two by making the React state be the “single source of truth”. Then the React component that renders a form also controls what happens in that form on subsequent user input. An input form element whose value is controlled by React in this way is called a ** “controlled component”.**


Since the value attribute is set on our form element, the displayed value will always be this.state.value, making the React state the source of truth. Since handleChange runs on every keystroke to update the React state, the displayed value will update as the user types.

With a controlled component, the input’s value is always driven by the React state. While this means you have to type a bit more code, you can now pass the value to other UI elements too, or reset it from other event handlers.

## The Conditional (Ternary) Operator Explained 
** Synatx **
condition ? value if true : value if false 


* The condition is what you’re actually testing. The result of your condition should be true or false or at least coerce to either boolean value.
* A ? separates our conditional from our true value. Anything between the ? and the : is what is executed if the condition evaluates to true.
* Finally a : colon. If your condition evaluates to false, any code after the colon is executed.


### Example 

    let person = {
       name: 'tony',
       age: 20,
       driver: null
      };
       person.driver = person.age >=16 ? 'Yes' : 'No'; 



