## Things I want to know more about :


## Who is Roy Fielding? 
a Smart guy He helped write the first web servers, that sent documents across the internet… and then he did a ton of research explaining why the web works the way it does. His name is on the specification for the protocol that is used to get pages from servers to your browser.


### Why don’t the techniques that we use today work well when we need to be able to talk to all of the machines in the world?

 Because it is capable of describing the location of something anywhere in the world from anywhere in the world. It's the foundation of the web.

### What is the HTTP protocol that Fielding and his friends created? 

HTTP, it's capable of all sorts of neat stuff that people ignore for some reason.That first part tells the browser what protocol to use. That stuff you type in there is one of the most important breakthroughs in the history of computing.

## What does a GET do? 
 GET, can be applied to many different nouns. Some verbs are more specific than others and apply only to a small set of nouns



## What does a POST do?
If one system needs to add something to another system, it would use an HTTP verb of POST.



## What does PUT do? 
 If a system wants to replace something in another system, it uses an HTTP verb of PUT

## What does PATCH do? 
to do a partial update, it'll hopefully use PATCH. The only thing left to figure out is what the data models should look like. 


# API Keys :

* Geocoding API

yes 

* Weather Bit API ? 

yes 

* Yelp API Docs ?

YES

*The Movie DB API Docs ?

YES




