## Things I want to know more about 

## OAuth:

### What is OAuth? 
open-standard authorization protocol or framework that describes how unrelated servers and services can safely allow authenticated access to their assets without actually sharing the initial, related, single logon credential. In authentication parlance, this is known as secure, third-party, user-agent, delegated authorization. 

### Give an example of what using OAuth would look like. 

common example OAuth scenario could be a user sending cloud-stored files to another user via email, when the cloud storage and email systems are otherwise unrelated other than supporting the OAuth framework (e.g., Google Gmail and Microsoft OneDrive).

### How does OAuth work? What are the steps that it takes to authenticate the user? 

Let’s assume a user has already signed into one website or service (OAuth only works using HTTPS). The user then initiates a feature/transaction that needs to access another unrelated site or service. The following happens (greatly simplified):

* The first website connects to the second website on behalf of the user, using OAuth, providing the user’s verified identity.


* The second site generates a one-time token and a one-time secret unique to the transaction and parties involved.


* The first site gives this token and secret to the initiating user’s client software.

* The client’s software presents the request token and secret to their authorization provider (which may or may not be the second site).


* If not already authenticated to the authorization provider, the client may be asked to authenticate. After authentication, the client is asked to approve the authorization transaction to the second website

* The user sees a successfully completed transaction occurring. 


### What is OpenID? 
OpenID is about authentication: as a commenter on StackOverflow pithily put it: "OpenID is for humans logging into machines,


# Authorization and Authentication flows 

### What is the difference between authorization and authentication? 


#### authorization :
 it is the process of identity users and make the are who they claim to be 


####  authentication :
is the process of making sure that the authentication users are allowed to access resources / perform operation or not .


## What is Authorization Code Flow? 
  exchanges an Authorization Code for a token. 

### What is Authorization Code Flow with Proof Key for Code Exchange (PKCE)? 

When public clients  request Access Tokens, some additional security concerns are posed that are not mitigated by the Authorization Code Flow alone.

### What is Implicit Flow with Form Post? 
  is intended for Public Clients, or applications which are unable to securely store Client Secrets. While this is no longer considered a best practice for requesting Access Tokens, when used with Form Post response mode


  ### What is Client Credentials Flow? 
   the system authenticates and authorizes the app rather than a user. For this scenario, typical authentication schemes like username + password or social logins don't make sense.

   ### What is Device Authorization Flow? 
   input-constrained devices that connect to the internet, rather than authenticate the user directly, the device asks the user to go to a link on their computer or smartphone and authorize the device. This avoids a poor user experience for devices that do not have an easy way to enter text

   ### What is Resource Owner Password Flow? 
   highly-trusted applications can use the Resource Owner Password Flow, which requests that users provide credentials (username and password), typically using an interactive form. The Resource Owner Password Flow should only be used when redirect-based flows (like the Authorization Code Flow) cannot be used. 

   [refernce](https://auth0.com/docs/flows)


